So here here's our frontend, our angular app
as we left it, it's far from being finished and we will revisit it later in the course
but for now let's do some polishing. One polishing or one addition I want to do is
it would be nice to have some labels here right
and actually you can add labels easily
to your forms in angular material by going to the html code and adding a placeholder attribute and
there, we could say title or maybe post title and we can also add that to the text area and say post
content there and you will see that if you add such a placeholder, you get it as a label here and you
automatically get this floating label look here which is quite neat.
Now one other thing I want to do is if I enter a new post here, right now you can see the values stick
around,
this form doesn't get cleared
and we can clear it in on add post where we get access to that form by accessing form and then calling
reset form, like this.
If we now save that, let's try this again. Let's enter something here and let's click save post and you see
this now resets the form
and also the validity, not just the values so it doesn't just clear the form, it also resets the validity
which of course is exactly the behavior we want.
Now that's almost all,
one other thing I want to add for now already is I want to add an action bar to the posts, whilst the
functionality is missing right now,
we will add it later,
I want to be able to edit and delete such posts. Again
the logic behind that and the code will be added later.
That means I want to have an edit and a delete button here on this expand panel or on this expansion panel.
If we check the official docs,
we can see that there is an action bar or an action row component
we can nest into our expansion panel and that looks pretty promising. With that code copied if we go back
to the post-list.component here,
we can add that below the paragraph in the expansion panel and we get a button here in the code snippet
too and I will simply say add it, I will actually add two buttons because I also want to have a delete
button here.
You can also make this all caps to be closer to the original material style
by the way where buttons tend to be all capitalized.
Now the buttons if we add them like this can be seen,
let's quickly add a post here,
here are the buttons but they are not looking that spectacular. To make them look a bit more spectacular,
what I will do is I will add some colors, for the edit button I'll assign my primary color or maybe
the accent color, whichever one you prefer and the delete button,
here I will use my warn color because people should certainly be careful when clicking these buttons
or this button specifically.
So now with that added, if we add one more post,
we see edit and delete. Now
since my accent color is this pink color, it looks very much like the delete button,
so I will go for primary here to have a greater difference between the colors,
so let's add one more post here,
yep that looks better and that is the last thing I wanted to prepare.
Now again, we will improve this code a lot, later we will add an edit and delete functionality,
we will also add more components, more pages on our frontend but for now, it's enough about angular,
let's move on to the backend,
let's move on to node and understand how that works and fits into our angular application.